0Sleeping £ Rise and shine worker. Another terrible night’s sleep on your moldy, tiny mattress in a sea of tiny mattresses. This is as close as you’ll get to worldly possessions. This rectangle of mildew and sharp springs, your area to “rest”. If you don’t get out of this damned place soon, it’ll end up as your coffin. Or just given to the next sorry soul to end up here.
1Sleeping £ Around you, you see your fellow workers reluctantly getting up. A sea of broken people, some in spirit, some in body, frighteningly many in both.
2Sleeping £ The overseers are already scanning over the room. Spotting a worker getting up too slow, they walk over to them, yelling the entire way. You avert your gaze before the beating begins, but there's no escaping the sound of it.
0Textile £ The monotonous humming of the looms echo throughout the hall, occasionally interrupted by the angry shouts of the overseers, telling people to focus.
1Textile £ You walk by several workers, each operating large industrial looms. Many of them look like they're on the verge of falling asleep at any point.
2Textile £ You pause, letting a large metal cart go by, filled with spools of thread for the looms. The wheels creak as a single worker pushes the large cart, huffing with exhaustion as they pass you by.
0Chemical £ The sharp stench of chemicals burns in your nostrils, and you instinctively try not to breathe in too deeply. Your eyes start tearing up, but you know you’ll get used to it in a few minutes.
1Chemical £ Giant vats of dye fill the surrounding space. As you walk near them, you notice the burning sensation increase rapidly.
2Chemical £ You hear a worker burst into a sudden coughing fit somewhere in the room. An all to common occurence here, with the lack of protective equipment.
0Machine £ You are startled by the loud metallic clanging of the machines as you enter. Even from a distance, the noise is almost painful.
1Machine £ You notice one of the machines isn’t running. Inspecting the machine, you notice someone is rummaging around inside it, busy with maintenance, their entire body stained with oil marks. You leave them be, it's dangerous enough work already, without you interfering.
2Machine £ A scream cuts through the already deafening noise. An overseer pushes by you, making their way to the screaming worker by a huge machine, holding up a mangled, bloody hand. The overseer doesn't even flinch as they start dragging the worker off to get medical attention. After an all to brief pause, another overseer yells out for people to get back to work.
0Canteen £ Normally a canteen has a nice smell of food and happy discourse. Here, just like today, it’s usually just people half-asleep daydreaming of better times, hoping for a meal.
1Canteen £ Nearby is the canteen counter. Many of the large metal tubs are entirely empty. The others filled with stale bread, indistinguishable slop or sorry looking vegetables.
2Canteen £ With the room being as silent as it is, you can hear the low hum of the fluorescent tubes above your head. Bathing the room in a pale, depressing light.
0Conveyor £ The sheer length of the conveyor belts is as surprising as ever. The sea of workers alongside them, all moving their limbs in an ever-repeating fashion, staring blankly into space.
1Conveyor £ You walk by a machine screwing lids atop of containers with some sort of liquid in them. Several workers manning their stations, as the conveyor belts continue ever onwards. The pace of the belts, not leaving them even a moment of pause from the monotonous task.
2Conveyor £ An overseer yells nearby at a worker not filling the boxes at the end of a belt quickly enough. 
0Storage £ The tall shelving units in here always creeped you out. The lack of lighting and the shoddy construction of the shelves has been a recipe for disaster multiple times. Gotta look out...
1Storage £ Large wooden crates are piled high in the storage room. Each of the crates filled with the fruits of you and your fellow workers labor. The thought of the people on the outside enjoying their products, unknowing of the pain that went into their creation sickens you.
2Storage £ One of the few trolleys is by you. They're in high commodity here. Most people have to make do without them, breaking their backs with the heavy lifting.
0Soldering £ First-timers here at the factory usually hate this room for its toxic fumes, but they soon learn that the soldering smoke is the closest you’ll get to feeling a high of any sort. Almost worth the asthma and chronic bronchitis.
1Soldering £ On a nearby machine, you spot a poster outlining the health hazards from flux fumes caused by soldering. The poster has been graffitied on with a marker, underlining all the worst dangers, such as it being a risk to your nervous system etc. At the very top "NO SAFETY!!!" is written in bold black ink. You wonder who dared write that.
2Soldering £ Above the workstations, you hear the fume extractors rattling. Barely any fumes are being pulled into them. Some, none at all. You consciously try to breathe less in, as you walk through the room.
0Sewing £ Rows and rows and rows of people. All sitting at tables, each equipped with a sewing machine, all humming away aggressively, like a large swarm of angry bees.
1Sewing £ At a nearby table, you see someone working on some kind of sweatshirt. They must have gotten their hand caught in the sewing machine, as most of their right hand has been bandaged up. You send them a silent prayer, hoping they can still meet their quota with their injury.
2Sewing £ You accidentally knock your foot into a stool, if it can even be called that. The tiny, shoddy, wooden piece of furniture immediately reminds you of the back pain you've experienced yourself, from sitting hunched over at the machines for hours on end.