0Ana £ Ana, a young Latin-American woman is working hard nearby. Her small frame tense and rigid with exhaustion.
1Ana £ Ana's shoulders sag. Taking the opportunity to rest while talking to you, if even just for a moment. You ask her about how she got here. “Like a lot of others here, I imagine. I wanted to earn money for my family. Help provide for them. I got contacted by a man offering me a job in housekeeping. I should have known the offer was too good to be true...”
2Ana £ You ask Ana about what the housekeeping was like. “It was in another country. I didn’t think much of it, lots of people moved to work. Sending money back home. They took my passport away almost immediately. With no way of getting away or contacting anyone, they kept me there. Forcing me to work for barely anything, if any money at all. They beat me, if they thought I didn’t perform well enough.”
3Ana £ Finally, you ask Ana how she ended up at the factory. “Guess they got tired of me. Of “correcting” my behavior. Why bother dealing with a worker if you can just get a new one? So, they sold me off to the people owning this factory. The hours are longer now. My family feels so far away... I think about them sometimes. About how they’re doing. If they think of me too...”
4Ana £ “Sorry. I got to get back to work.”
0Vannak £ A lanky, tanned young man is nearby. Vannak, you haven't spoken much with him before, but have seen him around the factory before. Messy, greasy dark hair clings to his forehead, sweat beading on his brow. He looks to be around 20 years old, give or take. 
1Vannak £ You start talking to him. “Hello friend.” He greets you, with more enthusiasm than most can muster up here. Which isn’t much, but still a welcome change. ”Name’s Vannak!" he reminds you, "I’m still rather new here... Job’s not really what it was advertised as, is it?”
2Vannak £ You ask Vannak to tell you about his life before the factory. “Oh it was a modest life. I lived with my mother and two sisters in a small village in Cambodia. My father passed away some years ago, so I had to find a way to provide for my family. I had to... But it was near impossible to find work in my village. So I went to the city. Long story short, this bureau said they had a job opportunity in China, working at a factory. They promised me to send what I earned back to my family... I hope they have”
3Vannak £ Vannak is starring off into space. You bring him back to bleak reality once again, asking him if he’s heard from his family. “They initially let me write a letter to them. This lasted for a short while. I don’t know if they ever really sent them back to my family. I never got a letter in return. And I haven’t gotten to write one in a while.” He stares off blankly once again but quickly shakes his head. As if the memories hurt to think about. “Don’t mind me friend. Thank you for talking to me. I needed that. Most people here don’t speak much.”
4Vannak £ “Keep your chin up friend. It’ll get better! I hope...”
0Ishmael £ You spot Ishmael. You met Ishmael before, and he was hesitant to tell you about his former life in Sierra Leone.
1Ishmael £ You ask Ishmael how he ended up in the factory. Ishmael looks warily around. The eyes of a man who's been through more than most could fathom. "It's not a very nice story, but I guess most here aren't." he hesitates, but continues, "I was a child soldier back in Africa. I don't want to get into further details about that, but after many grueling years, I managed to escape. Fled to a refugee camp. I was finally free...". His eyes cloud over, reminiscing. 
2Ishmael £ Ishmael's still lost in thought. He seems to remember where he is, continuing his story. "But nothing lasts forever. I needed money eventually. Me and several others in the camp got offered a job overseas. We were sceptical, but didn't have much choice. There wasn't any work for people like us nearby." an expression crawls over Ishmael's face. Anger? "When we got off the boat, he suddenly started telling us about how much the trip would cost us, and how we'd only get our passports once our debts were paid..."
3Ishmael £ You try to see if Ishmael has anything else to tell you. "I... No. I finally had my freedom. For a brief moment. Thinking more about that hurts too much."
4Ishmael £ "I have nothing more to tell you. I'm trapped here. Just like I once was."
0Ferda £ You spot Ferda, a young African woman. She is new in the factory. You don’t know anything about Ferda, aside from her name.
1Ferda £ You walk up to her and start talking. Ferda is hesitant to start talking, but slowly begins, "I'm from Eritrea. But before I ended up here, I'd fled my country due to war and spent years traveling around Europe, illegally." The last part she adds as an afterthought.
2Ferda £ You ask Ferda how being an illegal immigrant led her here. There's a moment of silence, which seems to be normal for the quiet woman, "I had to live somehow, so I found a man offering me a loan. I even managed to find a few odd jobs, to try and help pay of the loan afterward. But the loan was predatory. Meant to trap me. They forced me to work it off."
3Ferda £ You ask Ferda to elaborate. "They shipped me here. I felt more like cattle than a person. If I didn't comply, I fear they might have just killed me. No one would miss me or go looking for me. I was already a refugee, no documentation to my name. Now I'm simply a slave trapped here."
4Ferda £ When you look at Ferda, she averts her gaze. She doesn't have anything more to tell you.
0Kvame £ You spot the elderly man, Kwame. Despite the horrendous surroundings, he's one of the few people here still smiling on occasion. You wonder if he does it to help ease the pain for others or himself. Maybe both?
1Kvame £ You walk up to him. You introduce yourself. "I know who you are. Not that it matters much in here." Kwame stretches, as much as his worn and withered frame allows him. "You're lucky. Well, lucky may be a bit much. But at least your body can handle this constant toiling better than mine can."
2Kvame £ You ask Kwame whether the rumor of him being the oldest person in the factory is true. He nods and starts to explain how he got here. "I led a decent life back in Ghana as a young man. At age 20 I got ambitious. Wanted to see the world and what it had to offer." There's a glint in the old man's eyes, "I found a job in Europe, Romania to be exact. It was in construction, so it was hard, manual labor, but that was nothing new to me. I was there for several years, sending money back home to my family. At some point I was offered a promotion. That's where it all started going wrong..." 
3Kvame £ Kwame sighs and shakes his head. With his raspy voice, he adds on. "I could use the extra money. I barely had enough to send back home after covering my own expenses. I don't want to draw this out, but it was all an elaborate hoax. Me and a handful of others found ourselves here not long after accepting the offer." Kwame looks down, dejectedly, "I'm the only one left of that bunch."
4Kvame £ When trying to talk anymore with Kwame, he lets out a labored chuckle, a weary smile across his lips. "I'm stuck here. I used to think of getting out. I stopped having those thoughts long ago."
0Maria £ You spot Maria, a young girl from the Philippines. You have met Maria a couple of times, but never talked to her for long. She looks too young to work in a place like this. Not that that's stopped the owners from bringing new workers in before.
1Maria £ You walk up to Maria, trying to start a conversation. "Oh, hello." The young woman greets you with a slight smile and wave. "What's on your mind?"
2Maria £ You ask Maria how she ended up in this factory, and she starts telling you. "I'm an orphan. I barely remember my parents, but they lost their lives in an earthquake when I was very young. There are state-run orphanages in the Philippines, but they're very underfunded, with not much care being shown to the kids. One day I saw a poster saying "Workers Wanted", which I followed up on, and got the job. Only it was in China." Maria grimaces at the memory.
3Maria £ You look at Maria, waiting for her to go on. "I started working at this factory back then, but the job didn't seem as bad initially. Starting off as promised back when I first took the offer. But they had a quota attached I had to meet, and if I didn't, I wouldn't get paid anything." She scoffs, "I had to work longer hours, do worse tasks at the factory. But it's never enough. Which they know, of course."
4Maria £ Maria looks exhausted. No hope left in her eyes, as she says. "It's a never ending cycle. Debt builds up, working pays off less and the tasks get worse..."
0Jin £ There’s a middle-aged man close by. You know he’s called Jin and is originally from China. But the man doesn’t speak much or often. He’s one of the workers who’s been at the factory longest. The years of strenuous labor aging him drastically more, than what you guess to be his actual age. The man’s even missing a few fingers.
1Jin £ Hesitantly, you approach the timid man. “Hmph. What, you want to hear my story? Not much to tell. I fucked up. Just like everyone else here.”
2Jin £ You ask if Jin can go into more detail. “If it’ll make you leave me alone, I suppose. I was out drinking. I’d had a long day and wanted to get as shitfaced as possible. Don’t remember much, but apparently, I signed some document in my drunken haze. Guy wouldn’t leave me alone after that.”
3Jin £ You mull over Jin’s words, until you finally ask him, what made him give in to the recruiter. “Gods you’re annoying. He threatened my family, okay? Is that what you want to hear?! He kept coming to my home, pestering me. But his attempts got more aggressive. I finally caved in when he showed up with a bunch of lackeys behind him. Showing me files with information on my family. Fucker didn’t even try to make it a tempting offer. Just thinly veiled threats. I did what I had to.”
4Jin £ “But please, just leave me alone. You’ll only distract me.”
0Amina £ Working nearby is Amina. The dark-skinned woman is constantly fidgeting. The factory does that to some people. Always fearing the reprimands or physical correction from the overseers. But the fear only causes such people to err more.
1Amina £ You gently approach Amina, to not spook her further. “O-oh... hello.” She responds with a timid, nervous tone. “My background? I-....I come from Mozambique. You may not know, but my country’s plagued by war.” Tears well up in her eyes as she speaks.
2Amina £ You attempt to get Amina to tell more of her story. “We fled from Mozambique. My family and I. Seeking asylum in whichever country would take us in. We spent a few years like that. I had to do something. Our situation wouldn’t change on its own! I got an offer. I knew it sounded shady, but like I said, my hand was forced. It was the only job I could find, so I took it. Worst mistake I’ve made...”
3Amina £ You try to comfort Amina, as she continues. “I got transported from factory to factory. None of them good. I don’t think I have to tell you that I barely got paid, if I even did. For now, this is where I am. Though I’m sure at some point, I’ll be moved to another factory, field or wherever they want my cheap, desperate labor. Not that I can really get away. My home country is in strife. I’ve lost contact with my friends. My family. I have no passport or money. This is just my life now...”
4Amina £ “I don’t want to get in trouble. So please, leave me alone for now.”